Vyrn: Snore... Diz iz my apple... Snore...
Lyria: Zzz... Yeah... Yeah... Yeah... Zzz...
Several months have passed since the cataclysms ended. Reconstruction efforts have concluded, and the islands are as they once were.
All members of the crew have returned to the Grandcypher, and their grand journey is finally ready to continue.
~~That night a huge party of merriment and joy is thrown to mark the occasion.~~
They indulge like children on the last day of school and soon fall asleep without realizing it.
But the night is still young.
Is this... some sort of a dream?
Lucy: No, it's not a dream, though I hesitate to call it reality either.
Lucy: Good evening. I am the one who invited you to this place. You must surely be surprised to suddenly find yourself here.
Lucy: Sandalphon and the primarchs have caused you great pains.
Lucy: I offer my heartfelt apology to the skydwellers. And to you I extend my deepest gratitude and respect.
Don't worry about it.
We done here?

Choose: Don't worry about it.
Lucy: I see. I'm sure it will hearten the others to hear that.
Go to "Continue 1"

Choose: We done here?
Lucy: Well, my apology is at least.
Continue 1
Lucy: Now for the real topic at hand. Do you remember what happened that time?
Lucy: Perhaps I should put it this way: as the singularity who controls the fate of the world...
Lucy: You spoke with the great one, and your strength and resolve were brought into question.
Lucy: You answered that your friends were the source of your power.
Lucy: Those friends you spoke of are all gathered here today. Now show me the worth of your words.
Lucy snaps his fingers and the fog lifts, revealing the figures of the crew standing on a nearby hill.
Vyrn: Huh? Where am I? Am I dreaming?
Lyria: But everyone's gathered here too. This is really strange...
Lyria: Oh, it's (Captain)!
Lucy: Heh. The stage is set. Let us begin.
Lucy: Prove your might and resolve! The Wyvern's Reverie has come!
What Makes the Sky Blue - Wyvern Reverie: Scene 2
After overcoming Lucy's challenge, Vyrn and Lyria awaken and discuss the strange dream they just saw. In (Captain)'s hand, however, is a white feather—a sign that the dream may have been very real after all.


At Lucy's behest the crew overcomes the Wyvern's Reverie.
Lucy offers a gentle smile at the utterly exhausted combatants.
Lucy: Indeed...
Lucy: The strength of the bonds you forge as you fight to protect and better each other is far greater than what any one individual could ever hope to achieve.
Lucy: Mortals... Ah, the evolution of the skies has come a long way...
Lucy: ...
You look pleased with yourself.
Is the test over?

Choose: You look pleased with yourself.
Lucy: Yes, this has been my wish for thousands of years. Someday I shall explain it to you properly.
Lucy: When that time comes, the events of tonight will become clear. It will be a joyous occasion.
Go to "Continue 1"

Choose: Is the test over?
Lucy: Yes, that will do. Congratulations. You deserve the highest praise.
Continue 1
Lucy: Let us meet again. Until then blessings upon your journey.
Lucy: ...
Lucy: The world goes on with the singularity now set... We must settle our dispute in due time.
Lucy: Isn't that right, my dear friend, Lucilius?
Day breaks on the Grandcypher.
(Captain) wakes up and is greeted by a groggy Vyrn and Lyria.
Vyrn: Yaaawn.
Vyrn: Wow, it's late. Everyone overslept today.
Lyria: Nggh... I guess we partied too much last night.
Vyrn: Yeah, maybe. But I feel like I'm all tired because of that weird dream I had.
Lyria: Oh! Actually I had a strange dream too. Hm, I can't remember what it was about though...
Vyrn: Really? My mind's gone blank too...
Vyrn: Huh? What's that in your hand, (Captain)?
Vyrn's observation catches (Captain) by surprise.
(Captain)'s fist unclenches to reveal a single pure-white plume.
Lyria: Wow! What a beautiful feather! It glows like a rainbow!
Vyrn: You got that right! It looks like a jewel to me. Where'd you get it from?
(Captain)'s head tilts to the side in confusion. For the time being, (Captain) hands the feather to Lyria.
Lyria: Teehee... Thank you!
Lyria: Well? How does it look?
The series of tumultuous events surrounding the cataclysms has for the moment come to a conclusion.
The original primal beasts...
The supreme primarch, Lucy...
And the Astral researcher...
So much has been uncovered.
Although the road ahead contains many twists and turns, there's an extra beat in the hearts of each crew member.
Where the ends of the vast blue lie is still a mystery.
What Makes the Sky Blue

The End

meowmeowmeow. Love is a mass of contradictions, Cilius.

let me feel the power that can blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
uhhhhhhhh....
